in this section we are going to talk about the advice of form until we are going to
help when we are working with mind for action in a way
to better define the trajectory as the transformation of one object to another
for example
I have a rectangle scola sale rectangle
more or less
and with the free transformation tool the other 45 degrees
he placed it in the center
right button i separate
nobody so that otherwise simple way
on frame number 30 right button insert keyframe in this
case you inserted key since I'm going to use the same figure
right button in the middle of the timeline and create inter for moe action
in that way
- an interpellation of form we placed ourselves in the first frame we were going
to modify
form and spain of the council said
it's not that we create a red dot with a letter
he dragged her to that corner
i in the last frame the no point dragged it to the other corner
we see that they are born of the color to see if he squeezed control intro
let's see how on the one hand it moves to the other
ok but still we do the training a bit
how do we avoid this
we go back to the first frame
Modify
form and add the advice so
we place it
at the tip
superior the letter b
we repeat the steps modify form
ana of the form council
the letter c
the lower
let's go to the last frame
let's change the ce in the lower
and key in the superior
if you already squeezed control intro
we see how it affects us like a rotation
of an object as if we were winning in 3d and were two laps
about himself
through the use of advice in a massive way has allowed to define
a hundred much better in a way very well much more accurately everything that is said
the transformation
and up to here I'm dorian I'll remember that on our website www
point connects point tutorials with
in the forums section and this one has already registered the country convulso name
of user and password
you can read exercises that will help us to perfect much more
tutorials we explain here on youtube
thank you very much for the attention and until the next